[Music]
hi
i'm new one but i'm also known as tiny
girl eats world over on instagram where
you can find me sharing the best eats
i've traveled the globe to try food of
different cuisines from the hawker
centres in singapore
to the local food that someone people
eat there is an amazing world of food
out there but in this series i'm
bringing you
the world in your kitchen
so today we have alyssa tomoshkina
joining us who is a food writer
author and chef from siberia in russia
he's going to be sharing a traditional
recipe with us today
so alyssa what will you be making for us
today
so today i'm making palmeni
it's a traditional siberian dish which
is essentially dumplings
lovely and who doesn't like a good
dumpling i love dumplings
we're gonna start by making the dough so
it's just
plain flour egg and salt and some water
so it's a very simple
um dough it's gonna get a bit messy but
it's quite fun especially if you have
children then it's the best
um thing to get them involved as well of
course yeah and i know you have a little
one at home
i do yes at the moment she just makes a
lot of mess
i feel it's important to introduce
children to food and
actual cooking of the food as soon as
possible yeah
i know that you grew up with three
generations of women so tell me a little
bit more about that
i was born in the 80s and which was then
the soviet union
and for various social economic reasons
families used to live together
big families used to live together so i
actually
um was raised by my parents my
grandparents and my
great-grandparents as well i always look
back on those times
very fondly because it was so special to
have my
great-grandmother who um she was born in
the
1912s she was kind of the heart and soul
of our family really
and the kind of brightest and most vivid
memories i have is of
her making dough so i'm just gonna put
it into
beeswax paper so we put it in the fridge
for half an
hour and in the meantime we can prepare
the fillings today i'm gonna make
two different types just to show the
variety and one of these that i'm
starting with
is my favorite one it's mushrooms and
the best part about it is that it has
some pine nuts in it
and i also love adding a bit of soy
sauce
to the filling well pretty much anything
that i cook with mushrooms i always add
a bit of soy sauce because there's
something about the combination of the
two
yeah and that really brings out the
flavor yeah i really love mushrooms and
soy together i think it just adds a bit
of
an extra little bit exactly well
actually the the siberian dumplings
pulmini they um i mean there are many
versions as to their origin but one of
them
is that they came from china so it's
kind of a distant
cousin distant relative yeah my mom
would always have guests around for
dinner parties
and our dinner parties would go on that
start around 6 00 p.m and then they
would probably
end around 6 am that is a party
and no matter how exotic the main meal
would be
around 1 o'clock at night pelmeni would
come out
[Music]
so i'm making this filling with lamb
mince
a spice mix of cumin coriander
paprika and a bit of cayenne pepper but
also adding dill
because that's a classic given the fact
that this is an uncooked filling whereas
the mushrooms were cooked filling before
do they have similar cooking time
it's more or less the same but for the
raw meat we would do
five to seven minutes and for the
mushrooms it'll be around three minutes
just for the dough to cook
so this is done now i'm just gonna wash
my hands and then we're gonna get to the
fun parts of shaping the dumplings we've
got our two fillings and i think we're
ready to move on to the next step yes
absolutely so we're gonna
roll out the dough
so here is one strip of dough for you
thank you and if you'd like you can
start
with the mints and i'll do the mushroom
one
great we're gonna use these discs to cut
the shapes and then we're gonna use a
teaspoon
to fill and i'll show you how to shape
it
so we're gonna lay out the discs now
okay
and you can do
a few maybe four or five
and then if you take your
bowl and a teaspoon and then we need
quite a small amount
and then we place the filling in the
middle
so once you you have your filling then
you you can pick up your disk
and then just dip your finger and
all the way around all the way around
yeah and then we shape them into a
half half moon shape yeah like that
you would um put them on a tray like
that
and then once they're a little bit dry
you could put them in a bag
and um if you have a freezer then you
put it in the freezer but actually it's
a really fun
almost kind of a cultural icon is
to hang them in the bag outside your
windows whole like
sight of a tall building you know a
block of flats that has those bags
hanging outside of the windows
in russia many people have um dumpling
making parties so you just gather
together with your friends or family
and you might have little nibbles on the
sides
vodka sometimes so how do we cook these
so it's super simple we just get some
water
boiling and we add quite a
generous amount of salt so two pinches
of fine salt
also i like adding a stock cube in case
you would like to have it as a
soup yeah but a small flavor it just
adds a bit more flavor
and then a few bay leaves and then we'll
cook
the dumplings in batches of about
10 so that they don't um kind of stick
together as they're boiling
yeah and then once they're done we're
just going to put them in a bowl
and mix them through with some butter
and does anyone ever you know flavor
their butter with anything else
the traditional way would be just plain
butter but then you would add
flavor through salt and lots of black
pepper
you were writing the recipes for your
book salt and thyme
i'm really interested to know how much
of it is really kind of based on your
traditional russian food because
obviously you know your daughter will
grow up eating
a mixture of food both russian and
i'm sure a variety of other cultures
growing up in the uk
but how is that all tied together in
terms of how you view motherhood and
your russian culture
that's a great question i mean russian
cuisine itself
or pretty much any cuisine if you look
deep enough
there are so many wonderful connections
and there's so much history
in there that um you know and it's
constantly evolving as well
yeah so russian cuisine at least in the
20th century
underwent so many different changes and
that's what i was really
interested to capture in my book but
also it's also
about you know each home cook has their
own story and has their own ways of
cooking
something so you know how it's made so
differently in each household and each
woman
has their own kind of stamp on it yeah i
think it's such an inspiration that
you're taking your inspiration of so
many generations of women influencing
you and trying to pass that on to your
daughter and
hopefully her daughter and so on
[Music]
so this all looks lovely i
think we just have to play it up now is
that right absolutely yep
[Music]
perfect let's dive in
not so lovely with fresh dough
[Music]
it really brings out the flavors and
natural dumpling itself
these complements it nicely lovely i can
see why this is the go-to combo because
it's really the same classic yeah this
is delicious
you